feat: Exponential backoff factor for HTTP request retries (#3358)
fubuloubu/web3.py: newsfragments/3358.breaking.rst

> Update to exponential backoff for ``HTTPProvider`` and ``AsyncHTTPProvider``. Decrease default initial backoff time to 0.125 second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Employ an exponential backoff strategy using the ``backoff_factor`` in ``ExceptionRetryConfiguration`` for ``HTTPProvider`` and ``AsyncHTTPProvider``. Reduce the default initial delay to ``0.125`` seconds.
```
